Update README.md (#13)
kitconcept/volto-solr: README.md

# Volto Solr Plone Add-on

This add-on enhances Plone (Volto) with a Solr-based full-text search.

> This package has to be used together with the `volto-solr` back-end package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package has to be used together with the [`kitconcept.solr`](https://github.com/kitconcept/kitconcept.solr) back-end package.
```
